\section{Further plans with other models}


In natural language processing we can easily analyze whether the classified topics actually are good or not based on the words inside the topics. If "shark" and "playground" have been classified to act together we can clearly say that its not performing well. With traffic, due to the nature of the data its hard only through observation to claim whether a model has done the classification to topics well or not.
One reason could be that LDA model working principles is co-occurrence of similar words in one specific topic. Can we however say, that specific observations co-occurrence is an important aspect for traffic state comparison?  With documents its more intuitive, because word "shark" appears likely together with word "sea". Because speed is a continuous attribute, such a "bag of words" model might not work well together with it.

Currently, although there has been a strong research interest towards automatic traffic incident detection based on probe car data, there still does not exist a strong theoretical comparison of the best achieving models on 1 specific dataset. Our goal is to test out multiple different traffic modeling methods on Hong Kong data to see which model could best describe Hong Kong traffic and also to bring out an interesting comparison of different methods on one dataset.

1. Hidden Markov models have been under extensive research to model PCB data, specially taxi data separately  \cite{20}´ \cite{21}´ \cite{22}. Et. al Wang \cite{10} proposed an extended Coupled Hidden Markov Model to integrate GPS probe data and traffic related tweets to estimate traffic conditions of the arterial network, and used a sequential importance sampling based EM algorithm to learn the parameters. This paper showed a high level correlation of predicted traffic anomalies and social media findings and was able to get high prediction rates on Chicago data. We have currently collected data from Hong Kong radios, Government news and Facebook to get additional textual information from the social media.

2. Neural networks and supervised learning have shown to be a valuable modeling tool in NLP  LISA SIIA SAIT ALEX GRAVESILE . NLP has already been a basis for traffic analysis based on topic modeling.   Because traffic modeling has some similarities to language modeling and as the Latent Dirichlet Allocation for example already is a tool in traffic state modeling which originates from text analysis, futher investigation into neural networks could be useful. Neural networks have already been applied to RS sensor level data modeling  \cite{6} \cite{7}